well I'm going to start with
today's salsa because we have so much that it's
going to give us the grapes here, I mean it's mind-
blowing it's mind-blowing the mind-blowing everything
that is formed suddenly in a little while
in a little while of nothing
Celsa thank you very much it
turns out to be Luis Alberto thank you very much
welcome yes yes make the members towards
the members because you're going to want everything
comment in the chat and attentive become
members it costs the same as a piece of
gum good good recommendation for yes yes
me Maria member because things are
things are on fire things are on
fire and it's quite serious today it has come out in a lot of media outlets okay I'm freaking out I didn't expect it at all okay but a lot of media outlets have come out thank you very much with a complaint barda the an report hit wing michu at 2 at what point Alfonso welcome
at what point the universes don't be a
member of the archangel punishes them it
could also be that what happens if it's true it's
true at what point the stars
have aligned for a company to
denounce at the same time  dallas already wind michu
or so this I thought this is an
anime chapter you know this anime has
many twists and turns okay and
suddenly he takes over a company after they
just finished the long trial
that the two of them had well they haven't
finished in fact because the
civil trial hasn't apparently ended thank you thank you
very much thank you
Ortiz thank you very much
thank you very much what a name and son what a little
name does this mean this
means that dallas and michu
victor thank you very much welcome
usa in a lawsuit
captain buche thank you very much welcome
[ __ ] it's that one of the names has
gotten in the middle let's see I'm going to do
this
okay this means that they will be
united in a lawsuit
on the same side
this has left me dead carla
welcome thank you very much Carla a big
kiss
well it turns out that this came out in
several media you know
that win michu well we will see this we will
see now we already know that win michu and
dallas made some videos not about
pyramid schemes not pointing to
increase ok English English however you want to
pronounce it I fought it  produced in
my own way no, well a company
that has a membership system that is
quite profitable, quite realistic ok,
both will give like win michu and other
youtubers they called it a pyramid scam
[Music]
the characters join together for a single occasion
for a common enemy and after that they will
tear each other to pieces xd these
are the things of the salsa singers of youtube these
are the things of the arces youtubers let's
see I was friends with a scammer I'll
explain their tricks
cc and grace have reported me in class
these are the videos ok and well
impressive not impressive no
kids that this has happened it
makes me laugh a lot because
suddenly the media comes out
because this comes out in the
media well this is very
simple this the media comes out
because this company with the
intention of clearing its name imagine
dallas and wish michu joining forces
to see turning around what warns
this let's see this I have I have many
questions that interest me much more than
knowing if they are going to be condemned or
not okay I think that Wen will take care of me
they have to be  right now very
worried about this lawsuit surely not
surely this one a few months without
uploading videos even none of the
concern that the two will have right now
but this means that
the win michu remains being on the same side
their lawyers join no I mean their
lawyers join and they are both there
as friends against the lawyers to
include themselves
nothing was asked the same they are
different trials a parallel trial but I
think it would be in the same lawsuit no
Andrew thank you very much welcome
this is very strange okay he is a stranger and
I believe that the lawsuit anyway in
unity there is strength this is the
perfect opportunity to make
peace and overthrow these scams greetings to
the kids friends no no no fight don't
fight don't fight let's help make peace
man transfer like an idiot everything
possible not in this life let's see this is
this is very strange okay it makes me
thank you very much that these come out the media today
okay let's go into a little bit of the terrain
in what is in matter because it is a
copy and paste here we have no please don't let
me more communications
elconfidencialdigital okay
europapress from europa press made a
copy and paste this anime better than the
marvel universe these incredible ones that let's
see the sanse or something like that okay the salsero you
get up in the morning and you don't know what's
going to happen during the day
my job is very unstable I need
stability I do
n't know if tomorrow I'm going to have a job or not
guys I don't know if tomorrow I have a
job or not I don't know if
something's going to happen tomorrow I don't know if today I'm going to be able to
watch a movie
or Temptation Island it's me I can't
live like this okay that's why I need the
jce member if you support me and want me to keep
eating you have to make a
member everyone is worth like three thousand
three hundred and fifty members I think I just
looked okay let's
see if we could reach 13 3500 today
not because of this is more epic than
godzilla versus com well having made it
real and I more than peak is weird okay
like me there is being made this
very strange demand
javi in the facebook videos you should
say good morning my people it's weird
when you tell my grandmother girl xd
Listen, my honor, let her do her
thing, okay, I'll continue creating
content for her, although well, I can't
monetize it on Facebook there, I don't know
what's going on, but I'm going to continue
creating their videos on the Antonio
David Rosero issue and so on. By the way,
this lawsuit is very strange, okay,
these very strange lawsuits, let's see, we
have it here because they themselves
published it, okay, but it's a super
strange lawsuit, Carlos, thank you very much. It's a
super strange lawsuit. Let's see,
what does Javi say in the news from Puerto
Rico that the company, I think is
domiciled in Puerto Rico, I
don't know, for him it's supposed to be
a copy and paste, okay, done this, one
thing we can't forget is that this
itself has been going on for a long, long time,
people sending it to me by email because it
turns out that this company, let's
see if they can find an email.
If they can't find an email, I'm sure I can
find videos of their partners on YouTube.
No, Josemara, thank you very much. This company
has been saying
that it was going to sue Dallas and Wish
Michu for a year, okay, I would like to find
a video that they sent by email. I'm
a bit of an idiot and  I should have had it on
hand, not having English
Dallas
if it turns out that
the news is already out, everyone is
looking,
seeing it like a year that he was going to sue,
in fact they contacted
Bala, at least one said nothing, but
surely they sent something to Thami,
welcome to Mike Laure, I hope
you're not the archangel, although yes, and protect us,
and this company, apart from going around saying that they were going to
sue tracks or thank you very much,
welcome, they should
start sending a letter to all
their members, okay, to all their partners, not
warning that they were going to take
legal action, for me, this letter that they started
sending to all their partners is a bit of a bandage,
not putting the sale, as if
saying that we are going to report, that we are going to
report, it doesn't save Jay, don't think
that we are scammers or anything because we are going to
report, what is happening, well, what is happening
obviously, and here the
news itself says it, it's not that when
Win Michu and Dallas make the videos,
well, this company, well, many people stop
becoming members, not because of what I was
reading here in a twitter thread, not
what is against it  in a news it
seems to be let's see I have not seen the two
videos now before doing live that's why I
started a little more it's that I
'm always giving up new like when I
put a tweet that I had thought about going this
son of a [ __ ] takes two hours I don't know what it is that
suddenly they sent me this
so I started to prepare a
little the live I'm not going to see the
news no and I found this there is
something that shocks me are they denouncing only the
two of them or are there more because as far as I know there are
many more people who have talked about
them it gives me the feeling that either they go to those who they
think can get money from them or they
have told them to do it to make
weird anime it
's true yes it is in support of the issue of the
tioxide cable to be able to have cables you ca
n't forget today I asked for a [ __ ]
cable now when I finish the live let's
see obviously portals and win
michu go because they are the ones who have the greatest
reach okay then what there is not what
most what God has given him the most and
well the company where they are making
noise in Spain there are already some
public complaints on the internet but the interesting thing
in this case is the particularity
captured
on the kid's shirt and the movement is the name of the Spanish sub pyramid okay from what this man Nico Lopez says I don't know who the state is and so on from what he says these companies operate on the edge let's say of legality on the
edge of legality and then when
when they usually have legal issues let's see
if I can find that you and where it says it they
never get to condemn them or
qualify them as scams in court you
know let's see this this would be the
definition of a pyramid scam okay it
would be a scam one of the best
known deceptions however many continue to
fall for it there's no mystery it consists of
offering high returns in a short period of time
using part of the money from new
investors to pay the old ones and
give the appearance that the business is
working no
and a definition of scam
basically they promise you something that they don't
keep and they keep your money no
but I don't know what what this man is referring to
and if I find some twitterers and I find yours
specifically okay if I find the
turn and specifically we're going to read the and we're going to
read the thread because not before
reading the hand yesterday on Twitter this screenshot
of  whatsapp from one of those thousand
advertisers that invade instagram every day
after talking to him I
realized that it wasn't any a channing or
titan but a poor wounded 20
year old kid I wanted to place a little discover something
more worrying than what I imagined at
first it's nothing more than another
pyramid scam about 20 mobile phones about 20 mobile phones
other products to lose weight all that a
decoy the business is in attracting
other sellers and forming the pyramid let's
see what the pyramids are like that I get out of
the pyramid is that it is like walesa the
pyramid since it takes advantage now for
real a no no no don't ask for it my house if
those are about you attracting other
partners you take a commission of what they
pay they in turn captcha to
other partners it's a pyramid
literally a pyramid no
but in this case products are subordinated
but in this case product and
business objective are subordinated money and travel
jim craig is the name of the company and since 2017
they are making noise in Spain there are already
some public complaints on the internet
but the interesting thing  In this case, the
particularity captured by the
kid's shirt and the cell phone is the name of the
Spanish sub-pyramid. Let's see. It is
run by three young men. Antonio Martinez,
Jorge Torre, and AV Team Bermejo. The
problem with both is that in both videos
they give different information about the company. I didn't
include the terms, so each one must
defend themselves so that the information given in
each of their videos is
correct. If you come to the PSE or between them
against the company, they are
very similar.
Antonio, thank you very much, I mean, I
just watched the video and they say the same thing,
each one in their own way. One adds a few
things about one of the things. In the end, they
all agree more or less on
the same point. Let's say
here Antonio with the CEO of English,
Michael Wood. It is assumed that these three
that he said would be the highest in the
pyramid here in Spain,
but what I want to tell you is that we are
pushing
that this team does not play and we are going to
make things happen with you
without you,
so we are going to end the video with
our unique and genuine
[Applause]
Super exciting, no, what  distinguishes
10 dump their activity on instagram
barely speak English let's achieve and
relegate the spokesperson to the next
generation because because it focuses on
attracting minors 17 16 15 and up to 14 years old
here are some of the many examples of
instagram here we see well a
few examples
in the case here for example and it says the
main recruiters and I thought it
was an April Fools' joke
that is celebrated in most of the world
the whole series
but what I'm telling you is everything
that has sounded to me okay is that in
this lawsuit it will be sincere let's
take a look that they themselves
absorb it here I think that this lawsuit is not
going to reach either of them they have
made public they have made the
statement to the media
so that it can be said publicly that
no one says they have committed a scam more than
look they have filed complaints they have filed
complaints you know but I do not
want that lawsuit to go down nor will it
reach them I think I do not know and corona welcome to thank you
very much let's see is that the
lawsuit is super rare audio  I don't
know how it's done nor have I ever
physically seen on paper what a
lawsuit is from one country to another. Okay, I've
never seen international lawsuits. I don't know what they look like
physically, so I don't know how
this works. Okay, I know that here in Spain, if
you go through civil proceedings, the lawsuits always go
to trial. They always throw them out. Okay,
but of course, whoever loses later pays the
costs. Anyway,
one thing that won't apply to me now. Okay,
so I don't know how. Okay,
how would this be efficient
internationally? Okay, the
United States District Court for the
District of Puerto Rico and now
the
Incruiser denialists have to reach them. Dallas and Wish To
have such similar opinions that it's
hard to believe they're enemies.
Hunter would be unstoppable. There are things, there
are things that I believe that
most of the world agree on. Okay, that does
n't mean that you have anything wrong
with him and it doesn't mean that we agree on
a lot of things, good and bad,
no, good and bad. I believe that there are
many things, good and bad,
that people agree on, no, but what I'm
saying, I mean, I don't know how the law works as such
in this aspect. Okay, what
a lawsuit is. Okay, I don't  It is not very
easy or simple for me to accept a
claim that comes from another country to come here.
I imagine that something can be done,
because if you want to report something from
another country it can be done. What I tell you,
Antonio, thank you very much. On some
occasions I have wanted to sue someone
from other countries and the lawyers have told me,
churras, the night counts,
define yourself and until now because it is
complicated for them to throw them at you that others are
the years that it will take you now
then of course
each one is based on the law of where they live, they have to be
condemned if they are going
to condemn you, they are not going to judge you based on
where they live, the king is very, very rare, I
think that state has been more of an
image wash, Walesa, publish it so
that an image wash can be done and
people and wash their name so that
people do not think that a badge and continues
towards that member and so on, I am
sure I have been speechless for many days, put
Darla no but I assure you that it was her, she
makes a video, surely yes,
surely she makes a video about
this and wing Michu does not usually do it, he does not usually
ever speak out in  These topics will
not be placed but true, surely, surely, surely,
your vice mo
but that you notice, it is not that this demand
where this demand is going to arrive, you
have to reach it now, the demand each
one their respective where they live, each
of the main recruiters who are
English puppies but leaders of 10
today are 18 years old but were recruited
as minors, two stand out, this one and this one, they
are in charge of recruiting
children, the first of them telling his
story when he was 17 years old
from Asturias, he
is a boy
since he was 13 years old, I have been undertaking on the
internet, this, I don't know if it will be the same
Ochoa Bajas, I don't know if it will be the same
kid who sends the email to Dallas
that Dallas includes it in his video, okay, but
that it starts from the demand
above and one of the things they demand
is that we never
recruit minors and it's like, but if
here this kid has this video
with 31 there are 140 coffee followers, authentic
influencers exhibit luxurious lives and
motivational courses give the ball to the
professional profiles of minors
all in jackets with their link referred to
as you saw before to continue expanding
the base of the pyramid here Rafa is
Thiago his Ferrari is not in note
at this level of product acquisition
and earning money traveling disappears it
is only to undertake and earn money without more
because it can make the children pay
the membership without use but Bear does
not match the motivational speech Gala
between the child in video 17 and says
how do they put it in the training true
that many people see that endorsement because you
arrive Barry because I have results that
you have help that all the
results that I have because I listen to
great
Heisenberg thank you very much Eisenberg
R does not want
Roberto cameo a lawsuit for you
also
I really like making changes but do not
sue me please that with the one I have
had for two years
and let's see if it ends enough of that has
not been trusted trust these people not
doing a live 17 years or rather it is that
they literally upload
videos themselves they upload their videos telling
things [ __ ] and how much do those brats pay
to undertake you will ask yourselves
prices they release it to us first but
with some persistence I managed and they don't
release it first but with some
persistence I managed to be two clicks away from
making my member 295 dollars for the first
month and 100 each time so you have the right to
attract your own people earn money
thanks to Rafa in Mallorca they find
married children everywhere during the
quarantine and for being there they are making a
killing many of the children's accounts
are created between March 15 and 30
but in pre-pandemic times they also
held events for the children's poster
watch out for the poster no children
[ __ ] twitter I have no choice but
to see the poster
the demand from my country Puerto Rico it is
supposed to be
supposed but the truth is the
children put it I see that here in the demand they
put it it is not that we are
prohibited you have to be 18 years old for
such and it is like then these people
however we see quickly and subtly in the
account of a line of 15 between them
two entrepreneurs of 14 16 can be distinguished who have
spent the euros that they do not
have incited by false illusions
we are missing the photo judge next to  Jorge
Torre in each profile of the children
money is energy and I had this week
your search skins so a strong
these businesses use a Ponzi scheme
to see if yes
a Ponzi scheme and Segur y Media is a
form of scam that attracts
investors and pays profits to
previous investors with mining funds thank you very
much thank you very much but
rarely does a judge issue a sentence under a
type of scam walking on the edge of the
legal this is what I was telling you again
your [ __ ] mother is
worth
in communication with the bull by the
horns they take over with favorable videos of
the entire search with the word scam
their cars their puppies cups that
will be one but since they say that they are up
to four since there is a video that does not
have many subscribers it will be pleased that
says lands are you are right here they
only pay you to bring people in and
and this is a pyramid scam please
hello Javi I just arrived and that beautiful
title nothing cleavage the decline
now impossible I am going to stretch out a
negative comment and I am going to sleep
since I have to get up tomorrow being
the morning that I although I earned my
800 euros a month and I work an hour a day at least I earn it honestly I prefer to be an honest cop than to make money at the expense of others and this is a representation of the world we live in a little disgusting the video but these people are not into this they are
not on the limit they [ __ ] on it in
the membership contract it specifies
that the age of majority is necessary the person who
sponsored me in the purchase process
assured me that my little cousin could
write to him and that he had written to a
15 year old boy
the legislation is clear
contractual capacity is acquired at the age of majority
as long as there is awareness of the age and there is
profit it is evident there is fraud and with
the aggravating circumstance of being a scoundrel who
steals money from a child they make him
put on a jacket tell me I made it up by my
mouth buy coach books to
continue scamming more children
and here it explains that you can pay in
cash first of all good evening
I am polite Santiago very polite and well
let's take a look at the lawsuit
which is in English but here I have it
translated okay I don't see it very strange I have never
seen a lawsuit like that okay this  I support
with the camera but well don't
worry I'll read you it says that well the
plaintiff remains well it was
translated google so it will be a little
regular okay the defendants are
owners operators certain of
youtube channels and publish videos
those channels partly to have
partly to obtain income from the
views of those videos partly partly well
said surely you can say
that that they do not monetize or profit from
the misfortunes of others he did not
say that
or he no longer says it I
heard screams let's see the volume a little
now let's see is that the microphone
really the cable came rag I already
have it here a little remove so as not to hit it
okay right now I'm going to ask for a
[Music]
a cable to finish it gives us it
includes it is a
limited liability company
of Puerto Rico with its principal place of
business Puerto Rico
and
according to information and belief the defendant
recent snack from Barcelona according to
information belief the defendant we have a
resident of Andorra
and asks him
and asks him for 75 thousand dollars okay in fact
in the final part of the complaint he tells them
as a direct and proximate result of the
conduct of the defendants includes has
been damaged in an amount that  It will be
determined in court but in no
case less than 75 thousand dollars, okay,
they want these people to pay them 75 thousand
dollars and the costs are worth the costs and
well, that's it, that they have lost a lot of
money, that they do not allow the
children, that this is not a scam,
that they do not allow the children to
participate, so well, let's see,
for me this simply for me will
not come to anything, okay, for me it will not
come to anything, I'm going to let's
see surely as the
months and months go by and we do not know anything about
this matter, for me, could I be wrong, for
this institution of mine, for me this is
very complicated for it to reach Spain,
okay, neither of the two have been
notified of this lawsuit, okay, for me
this
has been a simple image wash, a simple release of press releases so that all the media knows, fields is a lawsuit and when the lawsuit is counted, it takes a [ __ ] year, a year they have been saying that they are going to sue the achura in a year, all the time to file it
and since it is a civil case, by the
end of this year or next, I would
already have the  Santiago sentence, thank you
very much, at least the
first instance, then
that one hurts me a little, they did it more than anything to
clean up their image a little
so that people say right, people,
what an idiot, people, idiot, up
front they say it's a scam, but look,
the company has sued those who
said it was a scam, you know, you
are understanding me very well, I didn't know
how this works and how they play with the
word lawsuit, always bringing it to the
media